All right welcome back.
I'm a student.
It's time for us to learn how to do the inverse of one to one relationship to the chambers or of a couple
relationships.
Right.
Basically with the inverse function idea we can pull out stead of pulling out the pulse of the user
or we can pulao the user Double-O so that the user or right from that post model.
All right.
So anyway I almost confused myself there a little bit.
So let's go ahead and test this out real quick.
What I'm going to do is I'm going to say get the post.
Whoops.
All right.
That belongs to a user right.
So post and then will do id here as well.
And then I say user We're going to put our user level on to the polls.
That's what I've been trying to say guys.
All right.
Don't laugh at me.
Don't make jokes.
This is serious stuff.
All right cool.
All right.
So we can go ahead and return the post.
First of all we got to do is we've got to find that post.
All right.
And then we say I want to return the user and the user name.
Cool.
So let's make sure that we have this idea right here.
Perfect.
All right so now that we got that done here let's actually apply to the model real quick.
So let's go to the user.
Now use of the post and run on the polls we need to create that functionality.
So we're going to save public function user and then we're going to say return this belongs to.
All right.
So we're going to be like this app user like this beautiful.
So now let's go ahead and try this out real quick.
All right.
So now here we'll come here and we'll say listen I want to get the polls number one that belongs to
these user enter.
I mean I want to get the user that belongs to this polls.
All right.
Am I saying that correctly the user that belongs to this post.
Yeah that's fine right there.
This user belongs to this post.
Yeah I'm good guys.
All right.
So as you can see we defined the reverse right.
We are doing the reversed and we call this actually the inverse re the inverse relationship.
So you can do this with different relationships so make sure that you learned is really good.
Basically what we did we did the opposite right.
We went to the model right and created a function called post and then we went all routes to pull this
information out.
We search the polls right.
And then we took out the users out of their user name out.
All right.
So the only day was the inverse version of it.
So we learned that's pretty cool.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture